Hello!

This cheat on machine learning, which recognizes objects in a certain range, then leads to an object and makes a shot. He does not interfere in any way with the memory of the game, he simply takes screenshots and recognizes objects.

Of course, this is not the final version, in the future we will have to wait for improvements of a different type (amd video card support (if I have one for the test ), smooth aim, AdvancedRCS for any games, improvements in object recognition, etc.).

I have an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 video card and I don’t notice delays during the game.

Okay, let's get down to the detailed description:
Menu:
1. Button Insert for enable training mode or disable
2. Arrows for change size of the blue box (training mode)
3. Button PageUp and PageDown for shoot object for shoot or train
4. Button Home for make picture of object (training mode) (you will hear the sound of Beep)
5. Button

Default settings:
1. RButton for shoot (u can change it)
2. Insert for enter in training mode (u can change it)

In the config.json file, you can change the range resolution for object recognition, enable or disable SimpleRCS, specify which game we will use and specify the buttons for attack and training.

Requirements:
1. Install the latest Nvidia driver for your graphic device
2. Install Nvidia CUDA Toolkit 10.0 (must be installed add a hardware driver for cuda support) https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-toolkit-archive

If you have something missing, the program will tell you about it.

New video on how to train step by step : Click

Video on how to training: Click

Video demonstration of a "good" trained neural network: Click

Sources: https://github.com/Trombov/FutureNNAimbot

If u want make point for enemys on the picture then just run yolo_mark.bat file(change it first for correct values)


The lower the AVG, the better the detection of objects.

If there are any problems or suggestions, please write me about it.

Also pull request at github is welcome!

Let's train it together!
Please, upload your trainfiles to github in the folder or if u can't then in someone cloud! Thank u!

Check Readme on github for newest information about hax!


FAMOUS ISSUES:
1.Unable to load DLL 'x64\yolo_cpp_dll_gpu.dll'
Solution: Uninstall CUDA 10.1 and make sure that you install CUDA 10.0

Download:

Main files : Download
Ver 0.7.2-alpha : Download
Release version 0.7.1-alpha : Download

Unpack the archives files in the same folder


There will be different configs for different games:


Change log:

Version 0.7-alpha: Thanks to microsoftv

1. Added ScreenshotKey to config
2. Added ScreenshotModeKey to config (centered/following)
3. Added an auto-config for when no config is found
4. Fixed the english of many lines of text
5. NN config is now auto-set to batch=1/64 and subdivisions=1/8 for when training or not.
6. Added a check for changing the width/height of the trainbox so that it does not go beyond the parent box.
8. Added ScreenshotMode to UI when training.
9. Fixed spacing of many lines.

Version 0.6-alpha: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhTlDnXeLC8
1. Added funtion "Empty object on screenshots for better detection" check README.md to how to use it
2. Added Smooth aim
3. Better aiming on two enemys on the frame
4. Train again mode correcting